and enters point hd televicentro and plays
with the World Cup trivia I'm going to
the H
noel valladares 4 eliminatory a
world cup 118 matches with the national team
national recent champion with olimpia a
undisputed holder at 37 years of age
old he played 12 games in the recent
tournament of the national league author of a
of the best saves in history
of the world without discussion of
honduras goalkeeper in the world cup
donis escober if you are not valladares the
National goal will be well taken care of
undoubtedly the best moment of his career
played 10 games with the olympique in the
championship newly conquered man
key in the final attacking the criminal
winner already has a world cup did not play in
south africa but it was part of that
selection
louis uva lópez the pleasant surprise of the
last times in the goals
catrachas at 20 years old already has a
title with real Spain has only played
with minor selection never with the greatest
has failed in this championship but its
conditions make it be the greatest
promise of the national goal should
handle well the degree of heir of the
caterpillar maynor figueroa
unquestionable holder a leader inside and
outside the court play
premier with the hull city ​​has participated
of 30 games this season as
holder has more than 100 matches with
a selection one of the captains things
of respect and total trust of the
exemplary player group
osman chávez the injuries and the lack of
opportunity with the whistle to Krakow
Poland have forced him to play in the
Chinese Super League with the Qingdao Jonoon
he has only played five games three of
they as the owner get the trust
of the national technician the friendlies will be
keys to recover your best version
Victor Bernardez from the world of
2010 has developed its potential in the
n ls still strong but now it's
smartest holder in the
San Jose earthquakes with seven
matches in the season that just
begins another one that is not discussed the
ownership juan carlos garcía su
called is for your participation in
practically the whole process
mundialista in his team the wigan has
had very little chance to play from the
last July when he was hired the
Most of the games they play are with
the reserve team
the latics but enjoys the confidence
total of suárez emilio izaguirre two
times champion with scotland celtic
left lateral indisputable in his
team 33 full games in the
season is one of the five players
with more minutes on your computer during
the whole tournament and a figure already
established in the scotland league its
second world is the big chance that
give us your best version
brayan beckeles discussed by many the
Olimpia player enjoys the confidence
of the national technician who has done it
part of the elimination process a
player with 28 years and watch the world
as the great chance to show your best
performance has improved in the section
defensive juan pablo montes few
They included his name in the lists
preliminary comes coming from a
injury has barely played with motagua in
The reserves have played matches for
recover the rhythm without a doubt
Footballer of the particular taste of
Suarez in good health conditions is
a reliable defense
arnold peralta play in the rangers of
the third division of scotland has just
crowned champion played 27 matches as
headline
but beyond its function as lateral
right has participated in several
matches as a flyer for that sector
it can be an interesting variant for
Suarez in the World Cup Roger
espinoza one of the best footballers
from this country in the current season
with the wigan he has participated in 28
matches 18 league and 10 cup
he was recently elected as the player
more charismatic team that the
people most want a whole example of
professionalism
marvin chavez the son of the wind receives
this great opportunity in a moment
difficult in his career he has hardly played
39 minutes in this new season of the
nl s with the colorado rapids of the
summoned is one of the least
play at this moment in your favor is one
of the ones that puts you the most
Delivery when you dress of selection
national luís garrido during the
eliminator a key player who
fulfilled in each presentation despite
his youth shows a great
personality in the recent championship
of league the character betrayed him several
Sometimes a wake-up call will be
enough
to have you at the best level boniek
García consolidated with the Houston Dynamo
of the nine most games in this new
season 8 as a starter 788 minutes
judged without doubt one of those who will arrive
in better shape to concentration
World Cup
wilson palaces about to reach the
30 years old and with an experience
of the first world of soccer
palaces is a benchmark of our
selection with the stoke city ​​has played
little in the last months just 21
matches but his touch with the elite
it will always be necessary has the
south africa-2010 experience jorge
clear is one of the most discussed with
the motagua did not have a good championship
relegated to the bank in several commitments
with the selection was part of the process
he is already an experienced player he did not play
In the previous world cup, the
great chance of your life
mario martínez many saw him outside
the world cup during the first part
of the tie his contribution was
fundamentally then it was falling off the
calls many claim that no
run that is not motivated but in
international events like games
olympic monsters
the town demands the best version of 10
of the machine andy najar believe me if this
boy has minutes the world will speak
of him renewed with the anderlecht of
belgium as one of your owner's tails
in league and cup matches with the
first team celebrating goals
important also one of the best
secret weapons that we take to Brazil
carlo costly a reference in a dear
and one that comes for a rematch with the
football if there is a player in this country
that will go hungry to the world
that is costly an injury deprived him of the
last world cup is now reported
ready for the big battle after a
couple of scares in the championship that
just finished the little counting
days scored seven goals in our
championship with the real Spain but that
it's the least that transforms when
he puts on the national shirt
jerry bentson criticized despite his
goals
Benson is a man who deserves his position
in Brazil because without their so many
we simply would not be in the cup
world nine goals on the road endorse
its convocation its moment in the new
england revolution
if he is gray he has only participated in 5
matches this season suffers high of the
that many confuse will be necessary in
moments of urgency ron and martínez
indisputable his call has three
championships to be the best forward of
our national league 56 goals has already
16 in the recent championship you know what
what national concentration means
in the previous gold cup where even
scored a goal if he is not a starter without
doubt will be a wonderful option in the
Bank
jerry palaces football smiles
after the last world where he played his
race seemed to come to founder but
found in the sports league
alajuelense de costa rica- a space
to show all his talent again
with the commanders he has scored in the tournament
of league and in the concacaf league champions
where he was even nominated for the best
player of the competition we have reviewed
the 23 calls now only remains to support
and believe that for this group not
there are limits we live the cup of
world for five religious sports and
marc for you